you know with less than three weeks left
until Christmas Santa is very busy right
now so my friend Guillermo and I took it
upon ourselves to help him figure out
which children should go on the naughty
list and what should go on the nights we
did this fight hooking kids up to a lie
detector now the lie detector we used is
fake but the kids don't know that so
their answers are very real hi there I'm
officer Jimmy nice to meet you this is
the truth fairy hi how are you like to
ask you a few questions the truth
queries going to put a polygraph do you
know what a polygraph is no it's a lie
detector do you know what a lie detector
is um no if you lie to us it will buzz
because it senses your stuff okay are
you ready to begin yeah what is your
name Fletcher that is true okay how old
are you Fletcher feck sex Fletcher have
you done anything naughty this year I
think I forgot you forgot you're saying
you don't remember the machines thinks
that you do remember do you remember
yeah okay tell me about some of those
things my brother tab of me and I tackle
him back mm-hmm so you're saying that
some of the naughty things you do or
only because your brother starts it yes
okay um tell me about some of the nice
things that you've done sanna giving me
um um a couple present that i have and
now i have them but now on my brother
broke my little okay so that's not
really a nice thing that you've done but
it is a bad thing that your brother is
done what's your brother's name Stanley
Sammy okay tell me some of the bad
things he's done um tackling me
I said he tackles he welcomed the good
thing that he likes to do is play
football but you'd like to play football
with him but you don't like him to
tackle you it's just that he tackles me
too hard oh he tackles you too hard how
old is your brother 40 he's for a little
strong do you ever tackle him too hard
um no cuz I'm a gentle boy oh you're
gentle boy but Sammy is not a gentle boy
he's out rough he's a rough boy I'm
gonna write that down Sam he's not a
gentle boy he's a rough boy and I'd like
to bring sammy in to question him about
this well if it isn't Sammy hello Sammy
how are you all right now your brother
was just here seeing the chair do you
know your brother what is your brother's
name pratts sure Fletcher said that you
are a rough boy and that he's a gentle
boy is that true that is true you just
like to tackle him sometimes and what
happens when you tackle him does he get
mad he does and what do you say when he
gets mad sorry you say sorry are you
really sorry when you say it wow so
you're not really sorry when you say it
no not really oh you just say it right
because makes him stop complaining does
he complain a lot have you done anything
nice this year no well I appreciate your
honesty tell us about some of the mean
things your brother Fletcher did this
year who buys me lot he bites you I
might have to bring him back in here
yeah
Fletcher do you know why we brought you
back in here why i was asking about some
of the some of the naughty things that
you've done and you didn't mention
biting your brother yeah cuz I forgot
yeah oh yeah forgot that did you forget
or you just didn't mention it to me um
Michael I mean I didn't yeah you didn't
mention it do you want to apologize to
your brother for biting him sorry it's
okay I think we can move forward from
here you guys want to give each other a
kiss just to show that you're really i
see no I see electric kissing Sammy I
don't see Sammy kissing Fletcher though
yeah go ahead and ya know yeah just that
yes maybe true fairy you can help them
hurry even because good day oh but
that's on the shoulder though I was
thinking right on the face yeah that
wasn't really a kiss I was like kind of
a peck on the cheek give each other a
kiss here I'll hold it for you he did
thing oh that's very nice you know
what's an is really gonna like that
Merry Christmas guys I think you were
very honest with me for the most part
and I'm gonna tell Santa that you're on
the nice list huh did you guys want to
kiss each other again Oh Sammy did you
like that he's a rough boy